*LuAn Keller, 深圳中学国际体系AP艺术史，戏剧教师
I appreciate the students and my fellow teachers here at Shenzhen Middle school because throughout my first year here, they have shown me goodwill and patience.  Another way to say this is, they have strengthened my confidence to  continue learning.

Teaching is an art and a science.  It is complex and multi-dimensional.  To attempt teaching a teacher needs knowledge and tools.  A teacher needs inner resources too; perhaps chief among these is self-awareness.  I need self-awareness to understand myself and to see my students.  And self-awareness seems to need quiet.

Quiet is like opening a blank document or taking up pen and a new sheet of paper.  The foreign teacher’s office here is often quiet.  I welcome, I am grateful for, the quiet concentration of the other teachers in the room.  I use the quiet we all create to check myself-How did I start the class? What did I notice?  What worked?  How can I perform better? 

A teacher can always improve; that’s how complex teaching is: you can always improve.  I love that. 

If I remember the other teachers here as focused, diligent and friendly, I remember the students at Shenzhen Middle School as positive and encouraging. 

The effect on me again is gratitude-I am so thankful because my mind quiets and my understanding can go work; I can better see what did, I can better see what I want to do, I can better see what my students need.  

I have had good teachers, people who connected me to a world of ideas, to ways of seeing, to intellectual humility and to beauty; from my fifth grade teacher, Mr. Conrad, at Catawissa Elementary School in 1967, to Mrs. Hartman at Southern Columbia High School in 1973, to Dr. Piscatelli at Kutztown State College, to Paul Nelson at Marlboro College in 1980, through to Roger (a.k.a. Dr. Bedard) at Virginia Tech from 1985 to 1988, to Dr. Cristina Mathews, at Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania in 2008 ( this is a short list!) these artful scientists, these principled human beings who loved learning, these teachers gave me part of their lives. 

My teachers inspire me.  And I have found that my students here inspire me to continue my learning as a teacher and I am so grateful.

LuAn Keller

*陈少锐，深圳中学国际部主任
致高三的同学：
目前有人已经收获理想的offer，还有人焦虑地等待。不管未来你们在何方，不管你们是成功辉煌还是失败失落，我都会默默地祝福或者支持你们。你们对于我都是极具意义的人，你们都是我教师生涯上第一批学生，我衷心地希望你们过得幸福。记得第一次见面，我在全校大会上给你们的寄语“与优秀的人为伍，让优秀成为一种习惯”，现在你们很快要毕业了，我再一次送给你们这句话。你们来到深中，认识了一群优秀的人，希望将来你们无论去到哪里，也能多与优秀的人为伍，做一个积极向上的人。我还想送一句我的座右铭（之一）“穷则独善其身，达则兼济天下”。希望你们既能有胸怀天下的抱负，有服务社会和他人的意识，也能遵守基本的法律和规则，做个好人。

*陈曦，深圳中学国际部班主任
国际体系最神奇的地方在于学生、家长和老师的共同成长。我很庆幸自己能身处其中，我也很愿意和大家一起不断的超越自我。我相信国际体系是大家梦想启程的所在，祝愿所有的同学都能从这里扬帆远航！
